Update build_meta.rst (#3381)
pypa/setuptools: docs/build_meta.rst

   and :pypi:`setuptools-svn`), or by correctly setting up :ref:`MANIFEST.in
   <manifest>`.

   The generated ``.tar.gz`` and ``.whl`` files are compressed archives that 
   can be inspected as follows:
   On POSIX systems, this can be done with ``tar -tf dist/*.tar.gz``
   and ``unzip -l dist/*.whl``.
   On Windows systems, you can rename the ``.whl`` to ``.zip`` to be able to

>    inspect it from File Explorer, or you can use the aoove ``tar`` command in a
>    command prompt. Alternatively, there are GUI programs like `7-zip`_ that
>    handle ``.tar.gz`` and ``.whl`` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   inspect it from File Explorer. You can also use the above ``tar`` command in a
   command prompt to inspect the `.tar.gz` file. Alternatively, there are GUI programs
   like `7-zip`_ that handle ``.tar.gz`` and ``.whl`` files.
```
